Change TwoPhaseConsensusCommitManager.join() behavior (#1451)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md

...

// Resume the transaction by using the transaction ID.
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx1 = transactionManager.resume("<TRANSACTION_ID>");

> // Or you can also re-join the transaction by using the transaction ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Or you can re-join the transaction by using the transaction ID.
```

TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx2 = transactionManager.join("<TRANSACTION_ID>");
```

> {% capture notice--info %}

Reviewer: To avoid having two note sections stacked on top of each other, how about we combine these two notes as follows? (Sorry, I can't select the first note in this suggestion because it's out of scope of the changes.):

````suggestion
{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**
To get the transaction ID with `getId()`, you can specify the following:

```java
tx.getId();
```

In addition, when using `join()` to re-join a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, a new transaction object will be returned. On the other hand, when using `resume()` to resume a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, `TransactionNotFoundException` will be thrown.
{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
````

Author: Thank you for your suggestion. I've fixed in 0172b5830aa9e306ba2cc7726fccec24201eab7e. Please take a look when you have time!

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

> In case of using `join()` to re-join a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, it returns a new transaction object. On the other hand, in case of using `resume()` to resume a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, it throws `TransactionNotFoundException`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `join()` to re-join a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, a new transaction object will be returned. On the other hand, when using `resume()` to resume a transaction, if you have not joined the transaction before, `TransactionNotFoundException` will be thrown.
```

> {% capture notice--info %}
> **Note**
> 
> {% endcapture %}
> 
> <div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
> 

Reviewer: This note section is empty. Is it OK to delete it?

```suggestion
```

Author: Ah good catch! I wanted to add the sentence `When using join() to re-join ...` as a note. I've fixed it in fcc372dd8f4458cb89dff05aa99026f35b59ae69. Thanks.

}
```

> As shown above, by resuming (or re-joining) the transaction, you can share the same transaction object across multiple endpoints in `ServiceB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown above, by resuming or re-joining the transaction, you can share the same transaction object across multiple endpoints in `ServiceB`.
```
